Per-job Instance Types and AMIs (#2390)
ASFHyP3/hyp3: CHANGELOG.md

and this project adheres to [Semantic Versioning](https://semver.org/spec/v2.0.0.html).

## [7.8.0]

### Added

> - Support for per-job specification of instance types and AMIs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Allow overriding certain AWS Batch compute environment parameters (including instance types and AMI) within a job spec.
- Allow job spec tasks to require GPU resource requirements.
```

and this project adheres to [Semantic Versioning](https://semver.org/spec/v2.0.0.html).

## [7.8.0]

### Added
- Allow overriding certain AWS Batch compute environment parameters (including instance types and AMI) within a job spec.

> - Allow job spec tasks to require GPU resource requirements.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Allow job spec tasks to require GPU resources.

### Changed
- The `SRG_GSLC` job type now runs within a GPU environment.
```
